how many way here from the next web and
I'm here at i/o ventures with taru
Frankie who is the founder of potato now
thanks being on the next video what was
the question I said I said thank you for
being a man excerpt video thanks for
having me good all right now potato make
sure a photo and potato yes so give us
elevator pitch sofa tato in the
beginning it's an iphone app that lets
you take a picture of what you eat and
we'll tell you how fat you'll get so we
identify your food we tell you how many
calories carbs proteins and let you
track all your eating and then we're
trying to make sense of that data trying
to find out how your body works what you
should eat what is unnecessary in your
diet and make recommendations and at
some point we'll also be able to
recommend and do dishes and meals around
you that fit to your diet it tell us a
little bit about the technology behind
the app because I'm do you have some
sort of crazy photo algorithm yes of
course and we do image recognition so we
have a lot of image similarity
algorithms that can tell okay this is
the same picture or the same dish as
other pictures but we're what the big
vision is is really modeling the visual
cortex of humans so be being able to
identify objects like without having
exact pictures of the object before Wow
kaito talk to me a little bit about how
the human does that first and how you're
going to replicate that with your
technology yeah so like the most
abstract model is something called
neural networks that was invented in the
70s but turned out that humans don't
actually work like that so we have a lot
of research on how the visual cortex
only the image recognition part of the
brain works and has like several layers
especially the one it's called where we
try to model that very close to the
actual biological
function of the brain so it's
biologically inspired Nord neural
networks how do you train a computer to
you know become biological know so I
mean you have different layers that have
different layers of abstraction just
like the human brain lick on the first
layer you just see pixels the second
layer you would see edges and on the
third layer you see shaves and that gets
more abstract and at some point you
identify ok this is a table this is the
chair and that is how we also train our
system so we successively train it and
combine like different cups to actually
at one level be the same now um I'm
noticed that Facebook have an extremely
amazing facial recognition now I upload
a bunch of photos and sometimes a person
can be a completely different pose a
mouth open or like smiling or frowning
hair-covered and it still recognizes the
face is that the same technologies you
are using no not at all I mean face
recognition is I think compared to that
is a simple problem and you just I mean
you kind of know how face generally
looks can calculate a 3d model I mean an
avocado looks like an avocado doesn't
look like a banana okay but maybe if you
have I don't know spaghetti or snow and
not all food look the same right you
have so many different foods but every
food every face has two eyes and nose
mouth and yeah you can kind of calculate
from the shades everything you don't
have to actually to artificial
intelligence to calculate your face
structure and compare it to other
pictures face structures tell us a
little bit about how you got to where
you are today because you said you were
four or five people now when I met you a
couple of months ago you were just
talking about your ID and you would just
you yet no no team so that's that's an
amazing feat well done how did it had it
so um I came here two months ago and I
actually wanted to do y combinator we
were invited to the interview but my
co-founder he bailed on me before I came
here so I've been pitching my idea here
working on the prototype and getting
people excited about the technology and
apparently there are some good people
who want to work on big problems and
that's how I found those people and now
a health is a big trend here in the
valley and I'm noticing lots of startups
that are dancing around health whether
it's you know preventative health or are
you keeping fit and healthy or whether
it's actually health measures your blood
pressure through an iphone app or
setting stretcher um are you aiming to
do more than just this app or is this
app just your main product so this is
only a way to actually find out how your
body works so we want to integrate with
a lot of data from other startups like
fitness tracking startups or health
startups to ya be able to find out how
your body works and I think we will
start out with our first target group is
those quantified self people who track
everything who will actually give us
feedback and correct our system and
that's how our system will learn but
yeah I agree health and food is a big
topic at the moment and but tracking
food is very hard so we want to make it
available to the masses and make it easy
for them and I were in the age of the
groupon clone or the clone what are you
going to stop to what are you going to
prevent other people from copying your
idea they can try but I like that they
can try I don't think they will be able
to replicate our technology could you
algorithm is a better right we got there
you need yeah it's not as easy as
well cloning groupon really well thanks
very much she being in the next video
thanks for the interview yay thanks